# Codestellation - SmartLyte
Our group's work for the Fall 2015 Codestellation Hackathon. For this hackathon, we built a combination of software, hardware, and machine learning. The project is called SmartLyte. The software utilizes Twitter's API to track Twitter messages on your wall, and then the messages are sent through Indico's machine learning API to generate a decimal representing the quality of positivity in the message. This number is then sent through SerialPort programming and is beamed to an Arduino, which then takes the numbers and through a color spectrum algorithm will make a NeoPixel Shield shine a specific color corresponding to the level of positivity in the message, anywhere from red being negative to green being positive.

The project was done in python for the Twitter and Indico API portion before the message is transferred across SerialPort, and then the Arduino was coded in C++ with syntax specific to Arduino Uno. I personally began on working and completed the Arduino/NeoPixel LED portion, and then later moved on to help the python portion and completed it as well. I was mainly involved in writing all the code for the Arduino LED portion, then integrating Arduino C++ with Indico/Twitter API python.

The purpose of this project is to showcase a potential idea that might increase efficiency and convenience of viewing notifications for not only Twitter, but also email, Facebook, and text messages. The smart NeoPixel LEDs allow for a person to instantly understand the importance or relevance of a message just by glancing at the color displayed. The parameters for determining the sentiment analysis can be modified to analyze for mood, urgency, relevance to daily activities, close friends, deadlines, anything you want. This has huge implications for society, as people can be less distracted by their various notifications by gaining instantaneous information about the contents of the message just by seeing the color. This can curb phone usage during class in class, decrease car accidents due to texting or calling, or even just make life in general must more efficient. The SmartLyte is a potentially powerful combination of machine learning, software, and hardware that could make life more focused, more convenient, and more safe.
